[Docs] Batch06: starting string functions (#16838)
apache/druid: docs/querying/sql-functions.md

## CONCAT

Concatenates a list of expressions.

* **Syntax:** `CONCAT(expr[, expr,...])`
* **Function type:** Scalar, string

<details><summary>Example</summary>

> The following example concatenates the `OriginCityName` column, the word ` to `, and the `DestCityName` column. The `OriginCityName` and `DestCityName` are both from the `flight-carriers` datasource. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example concatenates the `OriginCityName` column, the string ` to `, and the `DestCityName` column from from the `flight-carriers` datasource. 
```
Great example. I don't think we need a two-sentence description.

Author: changed sentence, but implememted the spirit behind the suggestion

## DECODE_BASE64_UTF8

Decodes a Base64-encoded string into a UTF-8 encoded string.

* **Syntax:** `DECODE_BASE64_UTF8(expr)`
* **Function type:** Scalar, string

<details><summary>Example</summary>

The following example converts the base64 encoded string `SGVsbG8gV29ybGQhCg==` into an UTF-8 encoded string.

```sql
SELECT
  'SGVsbG8gV29ybGQhCg==' AS "base64_encoding",
  DECODE_BASE64_UTF8('SGVsbG8gV29ybGQhCg==') AS "convert_to_UTF8_encoding"
```

Returns the following:

| `base64_encoding` | `convert_to_UTF8_encoding` |
| -- | -- |

> | `SGVsbG8gV29ybGQhCg==` | `Hello World!` |

Reviewer: Like this example.

## RIGHT

Returns the `N` rightmost characters of an expression, where `N` is an integer value.

* **Syntax:** `RIGHT(expr, N)`
* **Function type:** Scalar, string 

<details><summary>Example</summary>

  The following example returns the `3` rightmost characters of the expression `ABCDEFG`.

  ```sql
  SELECT
    'ABCDEFG' AS "expression",
    RIGHT('ABCDEFG', 3) AS "rightmost_characters"

>   ```

Reviewer: ```sql
SELECT
'ABCDEFG' AS "expression",
RIGHT('ABCDEFG', 3) AS "rightmost_characters"
  ```
nit: Remove the spare spaces at the beginning of the line. Check the whole topic for it. I think line 1528 has it too.

Author: removed leading spaces from any function I could find

## TEXTCAT

Concatenates two string expressions.

* **Syntax:** `TEXTCAT(expr, expr)`
* **Function type:** Scalar, string
  
<details><summary>Example</summary>

> The following example concatenates the `OriginState` column from the `flight-carriers` datasource to `, USA`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example concatenates the `OriginState` column from the `flight-carriers` datasource to `, USA`:
```

> The following example concatenates the `OriginState` column from the `flight-carriers` datasource to `, USA`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example concatenates the `OriginState` column from the `flight-carriers` datasource to `, USA`.
```

>   ```sql
> SELECT
>   "OriginState" AS "origin_state",
>   TEXTCAT("OriginState", ', USA') AS "concatenate_state_with_USA"
> FROM "flight-carriers"
> LIMIT 1
>   ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ```sql
  SELECT
    "OriginState" AS "origin_state",
    TEXTCAT("OriginState", ', USA') AS "concatenate_state_with_USA"
  FROM "flight-carriers"
  LIMIT 1
  ```
```
